SUBMITTING YOUR AREA
********************


If you followed the guidelines for your area using the balance documents in
this directory, you probably have a fairly well balanced area by now. You are
finally ready to submit your area for approval.

NOTE: Please clear out unused or old files from your submitted directory.
ALSO: You need to create a balance.info document (see BALANCE.INFO).

You will automatically submit to Balance when you submit to the QC clerk. The
QC clerk is located at /d/Qc/room/office. If you are still unfamiliar with
the approval process you can obtain the information by doing "help approve".
When you submit your area, you will immediately be added to our Balance
queue.

From this point on, your balancer will take over. Once your area has been
approved by World and is in Alpha QC, a balance assistant will review your
area and send you a balance report. Please copy this report into your
directory and, as you make your changes, edit the file and comment on our
comments. Your comments can be as simple as **DONE**. In this way, we know
that you have looked at every comment and responded. If you don't agree with
something or feel we have misunderstood, make your comments here.  

When you feel you have made adequate changes, go to the balance clerk (in
/d/Balance/room/office), resubmit your area and then mail your balancer. This
is important since this is the way we will know you have resubmitted. For
emphasis, I will repeat, please go to the BALANCE clerk. This is not the same
clerk you originally submitted your area at.

Don't get discouraged if your area takes three or four passes before your
balancer approves it. When your balancer approves it, it will be passed to
Final Balance. The Final balancer will wait until your area has been approved
by the Arch of QC before doing the final balance of your area. This is due
to the fact that QC occasionally requests changes that affect the balance of
your area.

Good luck with the approval process. We look forward to reviewing your area 

soon!


The Balance Team.
