# SYNOPSIS

The four major departments that oversee projects are World, Quality Control,
Balance, and Map. If you have questions you can mail those departments using
`mail <world/qc/balance/map>` respectively, and a team member will reply.

---

## DESCRIPTION

The purpose of the World department is to make sure that the game's overall
theme is maintained, and to create a cohesive and consistent theme that is
free of cliches or otherwise undesirable features.

The purpose of the Quality Control department is to make sure that each
project is coded according to the established standards, is free of typos and
grammatical errors, is free of bugs, and provides an intuitive and highly
polished experience for players.

The purpose of the Balance department is to make sure that the project's
monsters and objects of all types are both reasonable for the level and
difficulty of the area, and also consistent with the established guidelines.

The purpose of the Map department is to make sure the layout of the landscape
around the continents is cohesive and consistent, and fits the game's theme.

---

## EXAMPLE

The following explains how to plan a project from start to finish.

If you were designing a new creator-sized area, the first thing you need to
do is create a world info document which is explained in the World documents
directory. Essentially you are putting together a backstory, planning out the
area, and creating a proposal to then get feedback and pre-approval on. Then
after you get pre-approval you can begin coding. To submit your document,
head over to Atlas, the World clerk.

The second thing to do before starting to code anything is to read all of the
Quality Control guides and examples on how to create standardized code. It is
much easier and faster to code a project with the standards in mind, than it
is to go back and fix everything later on. Skipping this step and ignoring
the standards will create a ton of unnecessary work for both the coder and
the Quality Control reviewer because you will be forced to fix it all.

The third thing to do after the entire area has been put together is to
thoroughly playtest it as if you were a mortal that knows nothing about your
project and has never been to the area before. Try to manipulate everything
in each room, using all 7 senses, and then also check for spelling errors
and grammatical mistakes and fix them as you come across them. Once you feel
that your area is as good as you can make it, and you no longer see any
issues, then it is time to read the Quality Control guides and examples again
and see if all of those requirements have been met. If everything looks good
then head over to the QC clerk and submit your project.

From here the World, Quality Control, and Balance teams will take over and
begin reviewing the project. Once they have finished their reviews they will
comment on the project and give you a return (usually in order, with World
first), which will likely include things that they found which need to be
fixed. Fix everything on the list and add a comment on each issue saying that
it was fixed or add relevant information, and then resubmit the project along
with your replies by saving it with a .reply extension. If there is something
you disagree with then you can speak to your reviewer and if it cannot be
resolved there then the next step would be speaking with the Arch of that
department, or finding a compromise so that the project can move forward.

After everything has been fixed and each of the teams have given their stamp
of approval then the project will move onto Map and it will be installed into
the game at a specific coordinate and then mortals will be able to find and
explore your project!

Once your project is installed the final thing you should do is to add your
area to the Map-Book, and then post your area's world information to the
History Library. Then all that is left to do is watch the mortal chat lines,
bugs/suggestion boards, and your wizard log to see if there are any problems
with your area that mortals are finding and see if you can fix them.

Some other events that will occur or need to be performed are as follows:

- Add an entry about the area into /doc/helpdir/newstuff.
- Make a post on the Announcement board.
- Perform a world shout about the expansion after installation.
- Promotion of wizard to Creator status if relevant, and 'help credits'.

---

## SEE ALSO

- [qc](./qc/README.md)
