DEATH CHECKLIST:

1. File backup

After demoting back to mortalhood, you will no longer have access to
any of the wiz files you've created. Now would be the time to ensure 
that you have a copy of EVERYTHING in your directory on your local 
computer. If you don't do it now...you may never see those files again.

2. Mail law with a list of alts

Wizards have a number of restrictions placed on how many mortal alts 
they can actively play. For this reason, all of your mortal alts were 
frozen by Law shortly after you reached wizhood. If you're returning 
to the realm of mortals, you'll probably want those alts back. Jump 
on over to "post" and "mail law" with a list of the alts you need 
unfrozen. Nothing worse that demoting to play that artificer alt 
again and finding out he's still frozen!

3. WILL

You are going away from the wizard realms. Your files and projects 
are not. Everything in your directory will continue to be there long 
after you've gone. What will happen to those files? Decide that, 
and create a file called "WILL" in your open directory. Explain how 
you'd like other wizards to treat your files. Your WILL will be the 
final legacy of your projects; if someone wants to use something of 
yours, it's far easier for them to just read your WILL than to try 
to track you down years later.

4. Mail the Senate

Wizhood didn't work out for you, huh? Why is that? Inquiring minds 
want to know! The Senate wants to make AA a better place 
for everyone. Knowing why you decided not to continue as a wizard 
would help everyone. Maybe you got up here, and things just didn't 
work out for you. Maybe you felt held back by something structural 
with AA. Maybe you were offended by Jerusulum's hat (I mean, 
seriously, LOOK AT THAT THING!). Either way, let them know.

- Gromlakh
